Sprint 4 Reflection(Team JellyLake/Blue 3)

All aspects of sprint4 were improved compare to sprint3. During the class discussion on the first day of sprint assignment, 
we decide to have a slightly different way to distribute work for this sprint. We realized that there are a lot of works need 
to be done: Room transition, level layout, sound, etc. Therefore we decide to use a different approach than previous sprints.
Instead of work in pair of two, We assign individual members of the team their own part of work. 

During the sprint 3, we were out of time at the end of the sprint. Therefore this time we decide to start work early and it turns
out great. We first start with some missing features that is required for Sprint 3. After done with that, we jump right into the 
sprint 4 works. Because there are a lot of work to do for this sprint, the detailed division of labor can be seen in the
"Projects/Sprint4" page. 

Our plan is that everyone start their own work as soon as possible, except their work can only be done after some features are fully 
implemented. Overall, the process of this sprint generally followed our planned time and schedule. The team members actively 
helped each other and completed the tasks they were assigned through cooperation. Communication between the teams was still mainly 
through discord, and basically we discussed the work progress on discord every day, and also had meetings on the voice channel.

The project demo now basically meets the requirements of sprin4. We also have our code reviewed on 11/12 during the class. The overall
quality of our code is pretty good which is great. In this sprint, we used a most detailed burndown chart than any other sprints we did 
before to improve our planning. Code reviews between team members are still finished during pull requests and every member of the team 
did at least one readability and one maintainability. 

For the next sprint, there are several aspects we can do better. We can include more comments in our code to increase their readability.
We could also increase the frequency of team meeting so that we can have a more clear idea about how the team members are doing. 
But in general, our team performed very well in sprint 4.