Sprint 5 Reflection(Team JellyLake/Blue 3)

This is the last sprint for this class. Before the sprint reflection, I want to thank all my teammates，you are all awesome!
I am very honored to be a part of team JellyLake and to work with you guys!

During the class discussion on the first week of sprint assignment, we basically determined our new feature for sprint5 through 
discussion. We decided to develop our game closer to the rogue-like genre. Therefore, there are a lot of works need to be done: 
Randomly generated mazes, more dungeon room types, enemy types, trap types, dungeon cubes, and random drops of enemy loot. etc. 
And we assign individual members of the team their own part of works. 

During this sprint, Because there is a thanksgiving break in the middle, we all start our work a little bit late than before. 
But everyone on the team took the tasks given to them seriously and did a lot of coding in the days leading up to the deadline.
Because there are a lot of work to do for this sprint, the detailed division of labor can be seen in the "Projects/Sprint4" page on GitHub.

The team members actively helped each other and completed the tasks they were assigned through cooperation. Communication between 
the teams were still mainly through discord, and basically, we discussed the work progress on discord every day, and also had meetings 
on the voice channel to figure out the difficult parts of the sprint.

The project demo now basically has the new features we planed to have for sprint5. Code reviews between team members are still 
finished during pull requests and every member of the team did at least one for readability and another one for maintainability. 

Since this is the last sprint, we have summarized the following main improvement points based on the experience of all previous sprints.
1. Careful planning and division of labor.
2. Including lots of meaningful code comments.
3. Start coding early.
4. Seek help from the team when problems are encountered.
Overall, we did a great job and we are a great team.