Sprint 3 Reflection(Team JellyLake/Blue 3)

All aspects of sprint3 were improved over sprint2. During the class discussion on the first day of sprint distribution, 
we basically completed the modularization and distribution of the work. We realized that the sprint consisted of three 
important pieces of work: game object management, collision management, and level management. We used the same division 
of labor as in sprint2, with two people working in a team on each piece of work.

Jake started with the data problem of Link sprite in sprint2, changing all of Link's animations to a data-driven model in 
XML format. The animation data of enemies, items, and blocks are also converted to XML format by Zheyuan and Keenan respectively. 
Now the game is data-driven instead of hard-coded into the code. This is good code practice and increases the readability and 
maintainability of the code, solving the tecnical debt problem left over from sprint2.

Our plan is to finish the game object manager first, then start processing collision, and finally finish the level loader and 
artificial level. Overall, the process of this sprint generally followed our planned time and schedule. The team members actively 
helped each other and completed the tasks they were assigned through cooperation. Communication between the teams was still mainly 
through discord, and basically we discussed the work progress on discord every day, and also had meetings on the voice channel.

The project demo now basically meets the requirements of sprint3. In the last sprint, we needed to improve on the task scheduling and 
code review. In this sprint, we used a more detailed burndown chart to improve our planning. code review still used a pull request, 
but this time every member of the team did at least one readability and one maintainability. In general, we have improved the 
implementation of the sprint requirements.

For the next sprint, we plan to increase the frequency of communication between team members. And the start date of the work will be 
moved up more, so that the team will have more time to finish the different work. But in general, our team performed well in sprint 3.

